[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
Aw aw
Aw aw!
Aw aw!!
Peep me out, look!
Head bustin', black fatigues
So blunted, 400 degreez, it's Weezy
Nigga, respect it
When you see tha left hand buggin', nigga, respect it
But if you see tha left hand bustin', nigga, your disrespectin'
Took one to tha chest, I never die, I'm tha same brotha
Jump out and shoot K's, let 'em fly, I'm tha same brotha
It's a must they recognize that I'm untamed, brotha
Disconnect a boy like a damn change number
(Uhhh), hang up and try again
I kill ya, wake ya up, and make you die again
Spark it up, and make a nigga block fry again
Go ta jail, and do life, not five ta ten
Me, Lil' Mario, and Toolie, that's my man, fam
My niggas don't give a Jean-Claude Van Damme
About'chu, cause we don't play around
Bring tha K around, spray tha town, take tha ground
Take tha ground that you walk on
Tap tha phones that you talk on
Jam ya up and take your arms off
I hit you twice with tha sawed-off
And your neck, and just watch your head fall off... fall off
You think ya love me, I shoot anybody that look suspicious (what)
I bust tha street-sweeper until tha damn drum bust (what)
I hit tha hood, (I hit tha hood) be up in all black, (be in all black)
Numb-nut
I run up in your house with a tommy gun, what
I'm standin' there like I don't mind
Run through your clique like a weak defensive line
Yall ain't ready...

[Verse 2: Turk]
You want war, nigga, let's beef... beef
We can do it how ya want, or take it to tha streets... streets
I'll be dressed in camouflage, Ree's on my feet
Through your air (through your air) leave ya burnin' like heat
What ya..ain't know? I'm tha one from tha T.C
Chopper shooter, block bruiser, I'll bet any G (any G)
On fire, nigga, labeled as a HB
And if I can't kill you.. killin' your family (family)
Think it's a game, 'rilla, test my nuts, you'll see
How fast I send shots through your 6V (6V)
Heads bust if ya really think it's CMB
And I know you all know about Slim and B
We get our ball on, nigga, drink Cristy
Me and Buck get head from meekos in Tennessee
Betta ask somebody, nigga, I been a G
And Baby still servin' niggas for ten a key... nigga

[Verse 3: Lil Wayne]
Aw, aw, aw, look
Call me Big Baller, Big Tymer, Big Pockets
Call me Big Stunna, Big Stick, or Big Body
Call me that lil nigga with the rope full of diamonds
Call me the number one Hot Boy on fire
Fire, when you shoot outta town, then I'mma holler
With a crate of Crystile, couple of blunts, and a condom
Let him know if (let him know if) he down bad, that ain't my problem
Let him know if he come at me bad, then I'mma chop him
Ch-uh.. chop him
Put tha flame to him
All of a sudden tha thing hits straight through him
Cause I'm tha same nigga, pimper boy, Lil' Wayne
Thugged out, pants fall to my shoe strings
But since I usually... do the best at thangs
That mean I gotta wear a vest at thangs
I really think them niggas jealous... of tha sparkle in my necklace
Yall ain't ready.. yall ain't ready