[Intro/Piano Solo]
*lighter flick*
Yeah
Yeah

[Verse]
I'm in the crib butt-naked, bitch
She say my dick could be the next Black president
Americans hate that I'm American
Medicine, I treat it like peppermints
Ugh, I'm in the ocean getting shark pussy
Shoot you in your fucking mouth and make you talk to me
Yeah, sometimes, I need someone to talk to
'Cause I am not a human being—part two!
Getting paid show money for walkthroughs
Letting all these hoes ride my dick: carpool
My bars passed the bar exam, no law school
Cash Money Army, veteran with my war wounds
Ugh, what your man doing?
I pop his motherfucking top like a canned good
And all my niggas that I roll with are hella armed
And last night, I took a transformer
And had a dream that my dick turned to Megatron
But my girl was sleeping with Decepticons
Money talks, man, and mine talk lecture-long
P-U-S-S-Y: my second home
I be grinding on them hoes like a half-pipe
She say, "Tunechi, you the shit; you need your ass wiped"
I say, "Before you gas me up, check the gas price"
Then I make her take this dick like advice, hahaha
She seesaw it, she suck it and enjoy it
I stick it in her ass like some fucking steroids
Jose Canseco, make no mistake
Like a white boy wearing black paint, you're a fake-ass nigga
Brake pads, nigga, wait
You ain't in my weight class, nigga
Looking for the motherfucking man in the mirror
Running this shit like a faucet: Farrah
Barra-cuda, who the fuck you-uh?
I can make your bitch root for me like I grew her
Bodies in the sewer, tampons in manure
90 billion bitches on my stick like a skewer, that's swag
I'm a true Blood, bitch, no fangs
Been went pro, now I'm going pro-pane
Tell a bitch, "Get off me!" Bitch, get off me!
I got her over here blowing me like coffee
Decaffeinated, hand me that paper like I graduated
And I get head while it's decapitated, haha
Think it's a game? Nigga, come play
I'm with my killer Bs, fuck bug spray
Yeah, Young Money so gangsta
I personally know strangers, it's so strange
But this girl named Dana like to go anal
Shoot him in his head—what's that? A no-brainer
Plain ol' nigga, but a break from the norm
I wear my heart on my sleeve, so don't be breaking my arm
I'd rather wring your fucking neck before I ring the alarm
I dream to meet a serial killer that'll bring me along with him
I gotta hit 'em like redbones with long hair
Fuck with me, your ass is grass—get a lawn chair
I was fucking before my dick started growing hair
Bitches sweating me like John Mayer or warm air
Man... Nuts and bananas
You know how the tables turn, where are your table manners?
If you fake, put a egg in your shoe and scramble
No rubber, I just fucked this piano, nigga!

[Outro/Piano Outro]
Lew!
Do you!
Whoa!
Turn it up!
Mm!
Yeah!
Hello World!
As I always say...
I...
Am not...
A human being
2