[Intro: Lil Wayne & Nurse]
Where's my coffee?
Good morning, Dr. Carter (Hey sweetie)
Looks like it's gonna be a long day
Ahh, another one huh? What we got
Your first patient (Yeah)
Is suffering from a lack of concepts (Uh-huh)
Originality (Ugghh)
His flow is weak (Another one)
And he has no style (Ughhh)
What you got for him? (Tssss, okay)

[Verse 1]
Let me put my gloves on, and my scrubs on
Dr. Carter to the rescue
Excuse me if I'm late, but like a thief it takes
Time to be this great, uhh, so just wait
Your style is a disgrace, your rhymes are fifth place
And I'm just grace, one, uno, ace
And I'm trying make your heart beat like bass
Hmm-mm, but you're sweet like cake
And I come to fix wherever your shell break
Where is your originality? You are so fake
So picture me like a gallery, capture what I say
All I need is one mic, all I need is one take
Like, hey! Brighter than a sun ray
Got a pistol on a playground, watch the gun-play
Like, no kidding, no kids in the way
But the kids do watch, gotta watch what we say
Gotta work everyday, gotta not be cliché
Gotta stand out like Andre 3K
Gotta kick it, kick it like a sensei
You gotta have faith, you gottta, gotta
Wait, wait, I think I, I think I lost him
(Flatline)

[Interlude: Lil Wayne & Nurse]
Good afternoon, Dr. Carter (Nurse)
I don't know about this one. His confidence is down, vocab and metaphors needs work, and he lacks respect for the game
(Uhhhh, let me see)
You think you can save him?

[Verse 2]
Okay, respect is in the heart, so that's where I'mma start
And a lot of heart patients don't make it
But, hey kid, plural, I graduated
'Cause you can get through anything if Magic made it
And that was called recycling, r-e-reciting something
'Cause you just like it, so you say it just like it
Some say it's biting but I say it's enlightening
Besides, Dr. Kanye West is one of the brightest
And Dr. Swizz can stitch your track up the tightest
And Dr. Jeezy can fix you back up the nicest
Arthritis in my hand from writing
But I'm a doctor, they don't understand my writing
So I stopped writing, now I'm like lightning
And you ain't Vince Young so don't clash with the Titan
Fast and exciting, my passion is frightening
Now let me put some more vocab in your IV
Here, take this Vicodin, like it and love it
And confidence has no budget
So pay me no mind, I don't walk it like I talk it 'cause I run it
I don't do it 'cause I done it, and I'm in the emergency un-it
God dunnit I've lost another one
(Flatline)

[Interlude: Lil Wayne & Nurse]
Good evening, Dr. Carter. It's been a long day. But this one looks much better than the others. His respect is back up, concepts sound good, his style is showing strong signs of improvement. All he needs now is his swagger
Okay, let me take my gloves off then

[Verse 3]
Swagger tighter than a yeast infection
Fly, go hard, like geese, erection
Fashion patrol, police detection
Eyes stay tight like Chinese Connection
I stay tight like pussy at night
Baby, don't get me wrong, I could do that pussy right
But I'm too wrong to write, too fresh to fight
Too paid to freestyle, too paid to freestyle
Had to say it twice, swagger so nice
And don't ask me shit unless it concern a price
And I don't rap fast, I rap slow
'Cause I mean every letter in the words
In the sentence of my quotes
Swagger just flows sweeter than honey oats
That swagger, I got it, I wear it like a coat
Wait, as I put the light down his throat
I can only see flow, his blood starting to flow
His lungs starting to grow, this one's starting to show
Strong signs of life, where's the stitches? Here's the knife
Smack his face, his eyes open, I reply "What a night"
"Welcome back, Hip-Hop — I saved your life"

[Outro: Nurse]
He looks good, his vitals are up
He's looking good, he's looking good
I think we got one, Dr. Carter, I think we got one
Yep, yep, we got one, we saved him he's good
He's good, we got one, he's good
(Heartbeat)
He's good, we got him
We saved him, he's a go
He's good