
[Intro: Lil Wayne]
Yo, yo Drew and Inf
This-this, this right here is crazy
Yo I, I feel big, you know what I mean?
Like, not, not big in the sense of, weight
You know what I mean? Like gainin' weight or nothin' like that
Like colossal
Like, you know what I mean, like (sighs)
I heard you were lookin' for me

[Chorus: Sha-Ron Prescott & Lil Wayne]
Hey, Mr. Carter (Hello)
Tell me, where have you been? (Haha, you know, hehe)
Cause they've been asking, they've been searching
They've been wondering why (I know, haha)
Hey, Mr. Carter (Hey, hello)
Tell me, where have you been? (Shit, you know)
Cause they've been asking, they've been searching
They've been wondering why (Hahahah)

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
Yeah, to you forever, from me to you
I heard somebody say "Church", I'ma need a suit
I'ma need a coupe, I won't need a roof
Flyer than Beetlejuice, Beetlejuice, Beetlejuice
I got the flow, I'm tryin' to see the roof
Didn't wear a bulletproof so I got shot and you can see the proof
Blind eyes could look at me and see the truth
Wonder if Stevie do?
But I'ma leave it to God, not Beaver, neither you
Cause I'ma murder Y, kill O, and even U
Man, I got Summer hatin' on me cause I'm hotter than the sun
Got Spring hatin' on me 'cause I ain't never sprung
Winter hatin' on me 'cause I'm colder than y'all
And I will never, I will never, I will never Fall
I'm being hated by the seasons
So fuck y'all who hatin' for no reason

[Chorus: Sha-Ron Prescott & Lil Wayne]
Hey, Mr. Carter (I am him!)
Tell me, where have you been?
Around the world and I'm back again!
Cause they've been asking, they've been searching
Who's been askin' about me?
They've been wondering why (In case you wonderin', hah!)
Hey, Mr. Carter (I am him!)
Tell me, where have you been?
Around the world now I'm back again!
Cause they've been asking, they've been searching
Who's been askin' about me?
They've been wondering why (In case you wonderin', hah!)

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
Yeah, I been in and out the bank, bitch
While y'all asshole niggas been on the same shit
I flush and watch 'em go down the drain quick
Two words you never hear: "Wayne quit!?"
Cause Wayne win, and they lose
I call 'em April babies, cause they fools
And when they snooze, we up!
Feet up, like a paraplegia
Or paraplegic? I parallel park
In that red-and-yellow thing; old school Atlanta Hawk
Like I'm from College Park, but I'm from Hollygrove
Now all my Bloods scream "Soo-woo" and "Da-da-doe"
I know my role and I play it well
And I weigh it well, on my Libra scale
I suck a pussy, fuck a pussy, leave it there
Long hair, don't even care

[Chorus: Sha-ron Prescott & JAY-Z]
Hey, Mr. Carter (Young! I am him)
Tell me, where have you been?
Around the world now I'm back again
Cause they've been asking, they've been searching
Who's been askin' about me?
They've been wondering why (In case you wonderin')
Hey, Mr. Carter (I am him)
Tell me, where have you been?
Around the world now I'm back again
Cause they've been asking, they've been searching
Who's been askin' about me?
They've been wondering why (In case you wonderin', chyeah)

[Verse 3: JAY-Z]
I'm right here in my chair with my crown and my dear
Queen B, as I share, mic time with my heir
Young Carter, go farther, go further, go harder
Is that not why we came? And if not, then why bother?
Show no mercy in Murcielagos
I'm far from bein' the bastard that Marcy had fathered
Now my name's been mentioned with the martyrs
The Biggies and the Pacs and the Marleys and the Marcuses
Garvey; got me a molotov-cocktail flow
Even if you box well, can't stop the blows
Kaboom! The Roc Boy in the room
The dope boy I just came off the spoon
Also, I'm so fly I'm on auto-
Pilot, while guys just stare at my wardrobe
I see Euros, that's right: plural
I took so much change from this rap game, it's your go
(Hey Mr. Carter) Young!

[Verse 4: Lil Wayne]
It's my go, yeah… And I'ma go so opposite of soft
Off the richter, Hector, Camacho Man, Randy Savage
Far from average, above status–quo, flow so pro
I know, I ride slow, and when I pass
They say, "What up, killa?" Man, stop bringin' up my past
And next time you mention Pac, Biggie, or Jay-Z
Don't forget Weezy, Baby!

[Chorus: Sha-Ron Prescott, Lil Wayne & Choir]
Hey, Mr. Carter (Amen)
Tell me, where have you been? (Yeah)
Cause they've been asking, they've been searching
They've been wondering why (Haha)
Hey, Mr. Carter (Amen)
Tell me, where have you been? (Hova!)
Cause they've been asking, they've been searching (Weezy)
They've been wondering why (Baby!)
Hey, Mr. Carter (Hahaha)
Tell me, where have you been? (I been hustlin')
Cause they've been asking, they've been searching (Hustlin' hard)
They've been wondering why (Chyeah!)
Hey, Mr. Carter
Tell me, where have you been?
Cause they've been asking, they've been searching
They've been wondering why

[Outro: Lil Wayne]
And I swear to everything, when I leave this Earth
It's gonna be on both feet, never knees in the dirt
And you can try me, fucker, but when I squeeze, it hurt
Fine, we'll lose two lives; yours and mine
Give me any amount of time, don't let Ms. Carter grieve
At the funeral parlor, drippin' tears down my sleeve
Give me any amount of time, don't let Ms. Carter grieve