[Intro: Bobby Valentino & (Lil Wayne)]
Ayy
Ayy (yeah)
Hey (yeah)
Ayy, ayy, ayy
(Valentino) Woo woo woo! (yeah, yeah) yeah yeah yeah
(Yeah, yeah) Woo woo woo! (yeah) yeah yeah yeah
(Yeah) Woo woo woo! Yeah yeah yeah
(Yeah, yeah) Woo woo woo! (Bobby Valentino)

[Chorus: Bobby Valentino & (Lil Wayne)]
When I get up all in ya (yeah)
We can hear the angels calling us (chyeah)
We can see the sunrise before us (yeah)
And when I'm in that thang, I'll make that body sang
(Deezle on the beat) I make it say
Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee (ay) wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee (ay)
Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee (like a cop car)
Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee, wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee (ay)
Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee (haha)
I make ya say

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne & (Bobby Valentino)]
Yeah, doin' a buck in the latest drop
I got stopped by a lady cop, haha
She got me thinking I can date a cop, haha
Cause her uniform fit her so tight
She read me my rights
She put me in her car, she cut off all the lights
She said I have the right, to remain silent
Now I got her hollering, sounding like a siren
Talking 'bout (wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee) yeah
(Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee) Yeah (wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee) yeah
And I know she the law, and she know I'm the boss
And she know I get high, a-bove the law
And she know I'm raw, she know I'm from the streets
And all she want me to do is fuck the police
Talking 'bout (wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee, wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee)
Yeah (wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee) yeah

[Chorus: Bobby Valentino & (Lil Wayne)]
When I get up all in ya
We can hear the angels calling us (yeah)
We can see the sunrise before us (umm)
And when I'm in that thang, I'll make that body sang
I make it say: wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee, wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee
Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee (like a cop car)
Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee, wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee (yeah)
Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee (hey) I'll make ya say

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne & (Bobby Valentino)]
Haha, and after we got done
I said "Lady, what's your number?" She said "911"
Hah, emergency only
Head doctor perform surgery on me
Yeah, and now I'm healed
I make her wear nothing but handcuffs and heels
Then I beat it like a cop
Rodney King, baby, yeah I beat it like a cop
Hahah! Beat it like a cop
Rodney King baby said "Beat it like a cop"
But I ain't tryna be violent
But I'll do the time, but her love is timeless
Mrs. Officer
I know you wish your name was Mrs. Carter, huh?
(Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee, wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee) Yeah
(Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee) Like a cop car

[Chorus: Bobby Valentino]
When I get up all in ya
We can hear the angels calling us
We can see the sunrise before us
And when I'm in that thang, I'll make that body sang
I make it say: wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee, wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee
Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee
Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee, wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee
Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee, I'll make ya say

[Verse 3: Kidd Kidd & (Bobby Valentino)]
Mrs. Officer, Mrs. Officer
Tell your lieutenant get them cuffs off of ya
I'm Kidd Kidd, my face on every wanted poster
I'm wanted by every lady cop all over
That ass so big, I catch a battery to hold ya
Hands so big, you thought I told, "Pull it over"
She pulled me over, pulled me out the Rover
Then she pulled me closer, do me in back of the car
Put me in handcuffs, start ripping my pants off
All you heard over the dispatcher is...
(Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee, wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee)
(Wee-ooh-wee-ooh wee)

[Chorus: Bobby Valentino]
When I get up all in ya
We can hear the angels calling us
We can see the sunrise before us
And when I'm in that thang, I'll make that body sang
I make it say

[Bridge: Bobby Valentino]
Maybe you can lock me up and throw away the key
Call your sergeant and tell him you can't finish your shift
Cause it's on tonight
Breakfast in bed turns to breakfast and head
And I can't wait to get it on
I wanna do it all night long, Mrs. Officer

[Chorus: Bobby Valentino]
When I get up all in ya
We can hear the angels calling us
We can see the sunrise before us
And when I'm in that thang, I'll make that body sang
I make it say: wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee, wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee
Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee
Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee, wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee
Wee-ooh-wee-ooh-wee, I'll make ya say