[Intro]
StreetRunner

[Chorus: Betty Wright & Lil Wayne]
So you've got so many diamonds
You wear all the finest clothes
And your grill is shining
As you're driving down the streets of gold
But you can't blame me
If I set this stage on fire
Ha!

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
Ha! Momma always told me I was crazy
And my hoes say I'm amazing, but I don't listen to a lady
But the bitch say I'm hot, and I say "No bitch, I'm blazing"
Like, what the fuck you expect? I'm a motherfucking Cajun
I feel caged in my mind, it's like my flow doing time
I goes crazy inside, but when it comes out—it's fine
Like wine; wait, watch...
See? I get better with time like a watch
Osh B'Gosh, Posh Spice husband
Couldn't kick it like I kick it, bitch! I Kix it
No cereal, like a landing, I sticks it
Wherever she asks me, after she licks it
"That's too explicit"; well, why you listening?
*Sniff* I smell smoke, and something's sizzling
That's her pussy
So, hey, pussy: play with pussy or play pussy

[Chorus: Betty Wright & Lil Wayne]
But you can't blame me
If I set this stage on fire
Hahahaha!

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
They say, "You're nobody 'til somebody kills you
Well, where I'm from, you're nobody 'til you kill somebody
And you know what they say: when you great
It's not "murder," it's "assassinate"
So assassinate me, bitch
'Cause I'm doing the same shit Martin Luther King did
Checking in the same hotel, in the same suite, bitch
Same balcony, like, "Assassinate me, bitch!"
It's Lil Tunechi
I don't rap, I film movies
With my rap, you could call me
"Mr. Director's Chair," yeah, and that's a wrap
Cut! On to the next...
Not the next scene, bitch, the next check
Some say the X makes the sex 'spec-
So play with the pussy or play pussy

[Chorus: Betty Wright & Lil Wayne]
So you've got so many diamonds
Hey, pussy, lay pussy
You wear all the finest clothes
Do what I... say, pussy, and I say, I say
And your grill is shining
Lay pussy, lay pussy, lay, pussy, haha
As you're driving down the streets of gold
Hey, pussy, haha!
But you can't blame me
Hey pussy, don't play pussy
If I set this stage on fire!
Get 'em!

[Verse 3: Lil Wayne]
Straight off the corner of Apple and Eagle
Braveheart, bitch, like the times are medieval
Married to the game, divorced the cathedral
Standing on the corner selling porcelain to people
Forced into evil, it's all in your head
It's all so cerebral, call me Knievel
You follow and I lead you, straight to the needles
The bottles, the battles, the beetles'll eat you
Momma named Cita—I love you, Cita
'Member when your pussy second husband tried to beat ya?
'Member when I went into the kitchen, got the cleaver?
He ain't give a fuck, I ain't give a fuck neither
He could see the devil, see the devil in my features
He could smell the ether, you can see Cita
You can see the Cita, see the Cita in my features
And she don't play neither

[Chorus: Betty Wright]
But you can't blame me
If I set this stage on fire!

[Outro: Lil Wayne]
C3, 3Peat