[Intro: Lil Wayne]
Yeah
C5

[Chorus: XXXTENTACION]
Don't cry, don’t go
Won't lie, I fuckin' love you, whoa!

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
Why y’all staring into the clouds
Am I rising or they comin' down?
I see death around the corner
And the U-turn sign's lookin' like a smile
What do I do now? Who gon' find me, how?
Nowhere to turn but around and round
Just another nigga that done lost his head
No, a fucking king that forgot his crown
I am not number one, it's true
I'm number 9-27-82
Color blind even if I may be blue
A lot on my plate, ain't my favorite food
But I’m hungry, so hungry
Need my family tree next to a money tree
With a bunch of leaves in the Garden of Eden
With a bunch of Eves, no fruit punch for me
I sip from the Fountain of Youth
So if I die young, blame the juice
Bury me in New Orleans
Tombstone reads: "Don’t cry, stay tuned."
Bring me back to life
Got to lose a life just to have a life
But if heaven's as good as advertised
I want a triple extension on my motherfuckin’ afterlife
Rest in paradise

[Chorus: XXXTENTACION & Lil Wayne]
Don't cry (Don't cry, don't cry), don’t go (Why, oh why?)
Won't lie, I fuckin' love you, whoa!
Don't cry (Don't cry, don't cry, don't cry)
Don't go (Why, oh why, oh why, oh why?)
Won't lie (Don't cry, don't cry)
I fuckin' love you, whoa! (Don't cry, don't cry)

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
Talent is God-given, be grateful
Fame is not a given, be humble
And conceit is self-driven, drive carefully
Stay in your own lane, seat buckled
And sometimes when there is no music
We toot our own horns, rum-bum-bum-bum
That woman carried the future
And Tunechi was born like, "dun-dun-dun-dun-dun"
Don't call it a comeback
It was dark, now the sun back
Hit me hard, but I punched back
The wheels fell off, I rode the hubcap
Is it suicide or it's do or die?
It's newer days and it's bluer skies
I told myself, "It's just you and I"
Then the breeze came and it blew my mind
Lord knows who I'm there for
I give my last breath of air for
Mama tell me to be careful
Voice in my head give me an earful
But I got mind control over my control
I lost control but knew I'd find control
I let God control what I cannot control
Can't control the tears, let 'em drop and roll

[Chorus: XXXTENTACION & Lil Wayne]
Don't cry (Don't cry, don't cry)
Don't go (Why, oh why, oh why?)
Won't lie (Don't cry), I fuckin' love you, whoa!
(Triple extension on my motherfuckin' afterlife, rest in paradise)
Don't cry (Don't cry, don't cry)
Don't go (Why, oh why, oh why?)
Won't lie, I fuckin' love you, whoa! (Don't cry)

[Outro: Lil Wayne]
Don't cry, stay tuned
And triple extension on my motherfuckin' afterlife
Rest in paradise