[Intro: PARTYNEXTDOOR]
Own it
It's yours
It's yours

[Verse 1: Drake]
Yours... You're still the one that I adore
Ain't much out there to have feelings for
Guess whose it is? Guess whose it is?
Guess whose it is? Guess whose it is? Yours
A few bottles on the table, a few waters
It ain't a secret, baby, everybody saw us
Guess whose it is? Guess whose it is?
Guess whose it is? It's yours
Next time we fuck, I don't wanna fuck, I wanna make love
Next time we talk, I don't wanna just talk, I wanna trust
Next time I stand tall, I wanna be standin' for you
And next time I spend I want it all to be for you
Peakin', I'm peakin'
Wake up with me this weekend, we can, oh
Guess whose it is? Guess whose it is?
Guess whose it is? It's yours

[Hook: PARTYNEXTDOOR]
Own it, own it, own it, own it, own it, own it, own it, own it
Own it, own it, own it, own it, own it, own it, own it, I said
Go own that shit, own that shit, own that shit, own that shit
Go and own that shit, own that shit, own that shit, you own that shit, go and
Own it, own it, own it, own it, own it, own it, own it, own it
Own it, own it, own it, own it, own it, own it, own it, I said
Go own that shit, own that shit, own that shit, own that shit
Go and own that shit, own that shit, own that shit, you own that shit, go and

[Verse 2: Drake]
Niggas talk more than bitches these days
Just let that shit sink in, ha!
Niggas talk more than bitches these days
Who could get the pussy quicker these days
Still straight with the weed and the liquor these days
Cause the new drugs got the kids trippin' these days
Bunch of journalists been searchin' for a story
My ex-girl been searchin' for a "sorry"
Couple bitches tryna have me on the Maury
Like nigga it's yours, you should be supportin'
But where you been at? On tour, gettin' money
Y'all don't even really check for me
You ain't even hit me when that nigga had threats for me, girl
You don't love me, you just say that shit to get to me, girl
Cause you got the Batphone and my workline, you should call
When the last time you did somethin' for the first time?
You done done it all
I swear to God, niggas talk more than bitches these days
Got you thinkin' that I'm different these days
Broken telephone for every single conversation
By the time it gets to you, shit switches these days
It's yours, it's yours, it's yours, it's... it's always gonna be yours

[Outro: PARTYNEXTDOOR]
Own it, own it, own it, own it, own it, own it, own it, own it
Own it, own it, own it, own it, own it, own it, own it, I said
Go own that shit, it's yours, it's yours, own it, own it, own it, own it
Own it, baby, own it, it's yours, own that shit, own that shit, own that shit