[Verse 1]
Worst...
Mothafucka never loved us
Fucka never loved us
You ain't know, now you know now
Still at it, scrub J's with a toothbrush
Shit...
Niggas still playing my old shit
But your shit is like the police askin' us questions
Nigga, we don't know shit
Flexin'...
Nigga, I'm just flexin'
Nigga never loved us
Do it look like we stressin'?
Look at you, look at you and look at you
Aww, I'm glad that they chose us
'Cause man it's a mission, tryna fight to the finish
Just to see am I finished

[Chorus]
On my worst behavior, no? They used to never want to hear us
Remember? Mothafucka never loved us
Remember? Mothafucka!
Remember? Mothafucka never loved us
I'm on my worst behavior! Don't you ever get it fucked up!
Mothafuckas never loved us! Man, mothafuckas never loved us
Worst behavior! Mothafuckas never loved us
Fucka never loved us! Worst behavior

[Verse 2]
Hold up, hold my phone
Mothafuckas never loved us
Fucka never loved us
Now you want to roll one
Mothafucka never loved us
So everywhere we go now, full cup
Always hated the boy, but now the boy is the man
Mothafucka, I done growed up
You know me? You know me?
I'm liable to do anything
When it comes to that you owe me
You owe me, you owe me
Bitch, you better have my money
When I come for that shit like O.D.B

[Chorus]
On my worst behavior, no? They used to never want to hear us
Remember? Mothafucka never loved us
Remember? Mothafucka!
Remember? Mothafucka never loved us
I'm on my worst behavior! Don't you ever get it fucked up!
Mothafuckas never loved us! Man, mothafuckas never loved us
Worst behavior! Mothafuckas never loved us
Fucka never loved us! Worst behavior

[Verse 3]
Who's hot, who not? Tell me who rock, who sell out in stores?
You tell me who flop, who copped the new drop, whose jewels got rocks
Who else making rap albums, doing numbers like it's pop?
Same old pimp, Drake, you know ain't nothin' changed
With these funny style niggas, we done put on in the game
I just ask for some blessings at my grandmother's grave
Then it's back to L.A., open the mail, starin' at the check
Enough to make you throw up, man, it's gross what I net
I'm with my whole set, tennis matches at the crib
I swear I could beat Serena when she playin' with her left
Oh, where I reside it look like a resort inside
Nigga, where your shit from? I imported mine
Bar mitzvah money like my last name Mordecai
Fuck you bitch, I'm more than high
My momma probably hear that and be mortified
This ain't the son you raised who used to take the Acura
5 a.m. then go and shoot Degrassi up on Morningside
For all the stuntin', I'll forever be immortalized
Yeah, back and forth across the borderline
Hate to leave the city, but I've got to do the overtime
Gone all the time, even the important times
I should let you know ahead I'm comin' back on my worst behavior

[Outro]
Remember? Remember? Mothafucka, remember?
Hold up, hold my phone, they used to never want to hear us
Remember? Mothafucka never loved us
Remember? Mothafucka, remember? Worst behavior