I keep pimpin
I keep pimpin
I keep I, I keep pimpin
I, I, I keep pimpin

[Verse 1]
I got a bitch in the back, got a ho in the front
One cookin the crack, one rollin da blunt
You get pussy and ass from a beautiful broad
If you lookin' fa that holla at cha boy
I'm a m-m-mack mack a p-p-pimp
I sp-sp-sp-spit out shrimp
I pull up clean I get out limp
I walk like (?)
I talk like bi, bitch get chere
Best playa on my team when I ball women cheer
And they love the way I come out wit the gear
This jacket these shoes don't come out this year
So if you love ya girl don't let her come out this year
If you leave her out there then she comin out here
And that ain't fair but I don't care
I'm a motherfuckin Cash Money Millionaire Yeah!

[Hook x2]
Who you think you fuckin wit (Bitch!)
Who you think you fuckin wit
Who you think you fuckin wit
Who you think you fuckin wit
Who you think you fuckin wit I'm serious bout this pimpin shit
[I'm a motherfuckin Cash Money Millionaire, naire, naire...]

[Verse 2]
I got 25 dollars on my dresser and if I
Give it to my ho she gon bring back mo'
Not a.. minute go she ain't gettin that loot
And if you ain't got no money she ain't gettin at you
I like em sexy high yellow if you fit in that shoe
Ooh boo you can come and get in that coupe
Take a hit of that fruit, get high with Wayne
Fly with Birdman Jr., wave hi to planes
Say bye to lanes don't buy they game
If he ain't scored in the first half bench his ass
If you play wit my money I'm a lynch ya ass
I'll John Lynch ya shit don't tempt me bitch Oh!
Wipe me down cause I'm filthy rich
If gettin moneys a crime then I'm guilty bitch
And that ain't fair but I don't care
I'm a motherfuckin Cash Money Millionare Yeah!

[Hook 2x]

[Verse 3]
I sit low in the car, sit high in the truck
Lay at the front of the plane, lay at the back of the bus
Got ladies fa days, got women fa months
Leave ya girl at home I made 21
Got that thing on chrome blade 21
Got them thangs inside make me empty one
Pull it ova to the side by a pretty one, like
Whats good mami come make a cloud yo pillow, come fly wit me
My diamonds sing, my weed is rap
Call me Weezy Da King or call me Weezy Da Crack
If pimpin is dead then I'm bringin it back
Matter fact it neva died so I take that back
If ya shoes too small shawty take that back
Cause you gon walk all day till you make that back
And that ain't fair but I don't care
I'm a motherfuckin Cash Money Millionaire Yeah!

(hook) 2x

Who you think you fuckin wit....(repeats)

Whats really good moma. Its ya boy W.a.e.z.y.F. Baby
So high in the sky I'm so fly watch out fa the power lines ya know!
Get wit me...One
Pimp Daddy!

I'm a motherfuckin Cash Money Millionaire, naire, naire... (repeats 4x)