[Intro: Lil Wayne & Mannie Fresh]
Okay, um, finally perfect, you know? (This, this, this, this, this)
Y'all already know what it is, and if you don't (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah) (This, this, this, this, this)
Then the great Mannie Fresh will enlighten you

[Hook: Mannie Fresh & Lil Wayne]
Ladies and gentlemen, pimps and players (Come on!)
Half-ass rappers and true rhyme sayers (Come on!)
This is the Carter (Yes, it is!), so hold onto your teenage daughter (That's what you better do!)
Because this is the Carter (That's what it is!), a lot more rich and a whole lot smarter (So ching)
Wayne in your brain, Young Carter (Rumlow, all I can see is the floor, come on!)
Wayne in your brain, Young Carter (Well I got it, don't worry, I got it, I got it, aye)

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
Who am I? Young Wizzle, for shizzle
Flow sicker than a third floor in hospitals
Uh, my charm Starburst, my watch Skittles
I'm hot sizzle, "what up, hot bizzle?"
Holla at a player, I'm sorta like BD
Y'all can't stop my dribble, or block the lay-ups
Soft top the coupe, mami pop her, too
Don't chase the feeling, baby girl, let it come to you
Remove the ceiling on the girl, now she comfortable
I'm a world-class G, mami, fuck with dude
I got La-Z-Boy bank: that's comfort loot
I'm a offensive coordinator: run and shoot
You watch your grill, what you ought to do
'Fore your ribs get barbecued
And my ribs is showing I say I'm starving, dude
This, this, this, this, this is the Carter, dude
What up, Reel? Come on

[Hook: Mannie Fresh & Lil Wayne]
Ladies and gentlemen, pimps and players (Come on!)
Half-ass rappers and true rhyme sayers (Come on!)
This is the Carter (Yeah!), so hold onto your teenage daughter (Yeah!)
Because this is the Carter (Yeah!), a lot more rich and a whole lot smarter (Come on)
Wayne in your brain, Young Carter (Lean, I'm flyer than a motherfucking pelican right now)
Wayne in your brain, Young Carter (Don't get this shit twisted, motherfucker)

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
I'm the Birdman, Birdman Jr., bitch
I be high in the sky, shit on you and your bitch
I be flyer than your guy, you need to lose the prick
Now if you follow everything, just grab a wing and we could shh
All the way down to the mall and bet I buy it all
Young Mar, picture the broad lick
All the way down to the balls, then she wipe it off
If getting money is wrong, I ain't right at all
I Young Money a car, I just write it off
I'm the boss of my own shit, I'm my own clique
I would say "fuck you," but go and get your own dick
Get your game up, boy, hustle harder
This, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this
Get your game up, boy, hustle harder
This, this, this, this, this, this is the Carter, yeah!

[Hook: Mannie Fresh & Lil Wayne]
Ladies and gentlemen, pimps and players (Come on!)
Half-ass rappers and true rhyme sayers (Come on!)
This is the Carter (Yes, it is!), so hold onto your teenage daughter (That's what you better do!)
Because this is the Carter (That's what it is!), a lot more rich and a whole lot smarter (So chingy)
Wayne in your brain, Young Carter (Colder than the motherfucking North Pole, nigga)
Wayne in your brain, Young Carter (And I'm slicker than the shit I told your bitch last night)

[Verse 3: Lil Wayne]
And y'all better blame Baby
'Cause he's the motherfucker that made me, and I'm crazy?
And y'all ask why I never left the Navy
'Cause he's the motherfucker that pay me, is you crazy?
Young, Young, Young Wizzle, baby
Give you your issue, Nina wanna kiss you
No, no, no, me no want no bullshit
So, so stop baller-blocking 'cause a nigga hood rich
And I floss every day because I could, bitch
So holla at your boy 'cause I'm still on some hood shit
Like, like, like, what's really good with your mom or your little boy?
And your sister looking good, shit, shit
I'm still Apple Eagle Weezle
1-7 Hollygrove, never, ever leave you
I got y'all waiting on my sequel
This, this, this, this, this, this is the Carter, people

[Hook: Mannie Fresh & Lil Wayne]
Ladies and gentlemen, pimps and players (Come on!)
Half-ass rappers and true rhyme sayers (Come on!)
This is the Carter (Yes, it is!), so hold onto your teenage daughter (That's what you better do!)
Because this is the Carter (That's what it is!), a lot more rich and a whole lot smarter (So chingy)
Wayne in your brain, Young Carter ('Bout to head all the way to the ground, motherfucker, fuck you!)
Wayne in your brain, Young Carter (I can't see shit but the shoes on my feet, Baby, run it over)
Ladies and gentlemen, pimps and players (That's private)
Half-ass rappers and true rhyme sayers (Come on!)
This is the Carter (Yeah!), so hold onto your teenage daughter (Yeah!)
Because this is the Carter (Don't get it twisted), a lot more rich and a whole lot smarter (So ching)
Wayne in your brain, Young Carter (Nigga, my diamonds got diamonds, I ain't bullshitting, what's good?)
Wayne in your brain, Young Carter (Squad! My hoes got hoes, for real)

[Outro: Lil Wayne]
You're murkin' 'em! Uh, uh, Mannie Fresh, yeah
Murkin' 'em, uh, uh, Mannie Fresh, yeah
Murderin' 'em, yeah, yeah, Mannie Fresh, yeah
Murkin' 'em, yeah, yeah
This, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this
This, this, this, this, this, this, this, this