[Intro]
Somebody call the slick police
Capitol W
Weezy Baby
This is the Carter man
Brim low all I can see is the flo' now let's go!
Raj ya bangin 'em in the.. Raj I say ya bangin 'em in the..
Raj I say ya bangin 'em in the head wit this one cut!
Weezy Weezy say guard ya face bitch
Weezy say guard ya neck bitch
Weezy Baby this is the Carter

[Verse 1]
I move it from a eighth to a slab from a slab to a quarter
From a quarter to a half from a half to a hard one
You do the math it's a horror
While I be on the ave gettin off one nineteen for a soft one
Bricks I loft 'em catch him he hot
If I catch you without my scratch I'm stretchin ya out
If you catch me without the burner burn me
I beg of you shoot off the leg of you and kick ya in the ass
I'm dyin of doom I say I'm sick with cash
These eyes are real see straight through ya liquid ass
You see me straight through the glass house picnic wagon
You could see it by my bitch face she thick with ass
Get slick slick I click click blast on ya bitch ass
Squad up shit click or smash on ya bitch ass
Smash on ya bitch ass
Now pick the grass up out ya ass and the caps out ya cap Aye!

[Hook x2]
Who wanna fuck wit me tell 'em I'm waitin for 'em
Who wanna fuck wit me tell 'em I'm waitin for 'em
Who gon fuck wit me I got the blazer for 'em
Who gon fuck wit me do you wanna fuck wit me Naw!

[Verse 2]
Hustle boy sell a nick to ya mom I'll sell a brick out ya house
I'll sell a brick to a house nigga
I'll send a clip to ya mouth back of the gun to ya nose
Front of the gun to ya clothes I let it rip and I bounce
Lights off young Teddy Pender is out
Mask on scare the fuck out ya but ya ass grown
I wasn't born with no silver spoon
But I can heat it in a spoon and pitch it in a balloon
Tomb sittin in ya room sing for me
But if ya don't gimmie no tune the semi go boom
But if ya dont hear me doe fool the semi go boom
I'm try to make moves but they gimmie no room
I takes my space I blaze the haze take ya babe to space
She gimmie amazing face I sung Amazing Grace
I was once lost but now I'm found
Full of them pounds is how I'm found Aye!

[Hook x2]

[Bridge]
Oh! Oh! Bang 'em in the head, whoa!
Oh! Oh! Bang 'em in the face, whoa!
Oh! Oh! Bang 'em in the neck, whoa!
Brim low all I can see is the flo' now let's go!

[Verse 3]
I know how to cook so I buy it soft
I also sell it soft depending the cost
You know thats shells they toss defending they boss
They wipes 'em well across ya dentures like floss
You know I smell ya talk and I swear I knows bullshit and pussy near or far
Ya'll niggas better gear up for the comin of the boy
From a young'n to a boy to young boy boy
I dump toys boy at ya punk boy toys
Take the pump out the trunk take a chunk out a chump
Baby what have I done I created a monster
Weezy Baby a gangster no wankster
Hell naw I smell ya'll
Didn't know Jam Master well but I rocks with my shells on
And the block still a hell zone
Get a helmet for you and ya gal's dome I suggest! Aye!

[Hook x2]

[Outro]
Bang 'em in da head whoa!
Bang 'em in da face whoa!
Bang 'em in da neck whoa!
Brim low all I can see is the flo' now let's go
Bang 'em in da head whoa!
Bang 'em in da face whoa!
Bang 'em in da neck whoa!
Brim low all I can see is ya ho now let's go