[Verse 1: Nicki Minaj]
I am not Jasmine, I am Aladdin
So far ahead, these bums is laggin'
See me in that new thing, bums is gaggin'
I'm startin' to feel like a dungeon dragon
Raah, raah, like a dungeon dragon
I'm startin' to feel like a dungeon dragon
Look at my show footage, how these girls be spazzin'
So fuck I look like gettin' back to a has-been?
Yeah, I said it, has-been
Hang it up; flatscreen
Plasma
"Hey Nicki, hey Nicki," asthma
I got the pumps, it ain't got medicine
I got bars; sentencin'
I'm a bad bitch, I'm a cunt
And I'll kick that ho; punt
Forced trauma; blunt
You play the back, bitch, I'm in the front
You need a job, this ain't cuttin' it
Nicki Minaj is who you ain't fuckin' with
You lil' Fraggle Rock, I beat you with a pad-a-lock
I am a movie; camera block
You outta work, I know it's tough
But enough is enough

[Chorus: Nicki Minaj]
Raah, raah, like a dungeon dragon
Raah, raah, raah, like a dungeon dragon
Raah, raah, raah, like a dungeon dragon
Like a dungeon dragon, like a dungeon dragon

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
Raah, I eat your face off
You niggas sweet as pie like this is a bake-off
I love Nicki's curves, swing at the baseball
(Skrr) I'll beat your brakes off
Hi, I'm Tune, salt in the wound
I'm up in this bitch, pardon the goons
Throw dirt on the floor, get caught in the broom
I like a big wet pussy with a fork and a spoon
I got money and the power, a woman in the shower
And she don't want nothing but my Johnson, Howard
Sour Dies in the Swisher Sweet, sweet and sour
You're scared? Go to church, say your prayers, read a Bible
Ah, I don't know what y'all on
Please, I go in like "Goin'"
Drink in my hand with the world in the other
The Uzi go "Brrrr". stutter
Life is a puzzle, jigsaw
All I do is win, my name should be "Victor" (Haha)
Old-ass rappers
I'm still the shit, old-ass Pampers
Raah, raah, like a dungeon dragon
Foie gras, I hear you ducks is quackin'
I was just dumpin my ashes, I'ma puff it and pass it
I'm a fuckin' assassin, you should jump in the casket

[Verse 3: Nicki Minaj]
Is this the thanks that I get for puttin' you bitches on?
Is it my fault that all of you bitches gone?
Shoulda sent a thank-you note, you little ho
Now I'ma wrap your coffin with a bow
"Nicki, she's just mad 'cause you took the spot"
Word, that bitch mad 'cause I took the spot?
Well, bitch, if you ain't shittin', then get off the pot
Got some niggas out in Brooklyn that'll off your top
I hear them mumblin', I hear the cacklin'
I got 'em scared, shook, panickin'
Overseas, church, Vatican
You at a standstill; mannequin
You wanna sleep on me? Overnight?
I'm the motherfuckin' boss, overwrite
And when I pull up, vroom, motorbike
Now all my niggas gettin' buck; overbite
I see them dusty-ass Filas, Levi's
Raggedy Ann, holes in your knee-highs
I call the play, now do you see why?
These bitches callin' me Manning Eli
Manning Eli, these bitches callin' me Manning Eli!!

[Chorus: Nicki Minaj]
Raah, raah, like a dungeon dragon
Raah, raah, raah, like a dungeon dragon
Raah, raah, raah, like a dungeon dragon
Like a dungeon dragon, like a dungeon dragon

[Outro: Nicki Minaj]
Roman, Roman! Stop it, stop it!
You've gone mad, mad, I tell you, mad!
You and this boy Little Weezy!
What's going on? They'll lock you away!
They'll put you in a jail cell! I promise!
Take your mother's warning, Roman, please
Back to bed! Run along! Let's go! Come on!
Wash your mouth out with soap, boys