[Intro]
So they ask me
"Young boy...
What you gonna do the second time around?
How you gon' come back?"
I tried told 'em:
"I come back like 32
I jump back like 33!"
Ugh!
Hit me!
That's nothing
This here's Tha Carter II, people
This is Tha Carter II, people

[Verse]
Hey! They call me... Mr. Carter, I kissed the daughter
Of the dead's forehead, I killed the father
Spilled the heart of a mildew hater
I will put them body on chill like glaciers, gracias!
I'm crazy, yes, it's obvious, going against me is atheist
I got my angels on my shoulder and a quarter of that angel dust
I ain't sniffin', I'm just pitchin', your honor
I ain't snitchin', your honor
Hate bitch niggas, bitches with power
Vacate when that kitchen get hotter
I just sit on the counter, open the cabinet, close the cupboard
Put that jar in the skillet, drop a fo' in the bubbles
I remember being young, tryin' to hustle my dope
Tryin' to tell the old junkies that my crack ain't soap
Tryin' to tell you 'fore you jump that my Mac ain't broke
You ain't trying to see how far that black back lane go, no!
Call me Pac-Man, your ghosts is blue
I got my red river rubies and my ocean blue jewelry
Usually I'm a hooligan for the money
Yeah, I'm eating, but I got a tapeworm in my tummy, oh!
Make harm and I bomb you in public
Hit you with the straight-arm, no warning, nothing
Look, it's morning, no yawning or nothing
I ain't sleeping, I'm up, tryin' to take a nigga lunch
You gon' make a nigga break a nigga fronts
Then shake a nigga shorts and we taking what we want
I'm so 504 you got to kill me here
If you ever looking for me, bitch, I will be here
Cash Money is an army, Navy Seal me here
Lot of niggas ran from me but I still be here
No chrome on the Continental, I'm so fundamental
Crack the Phil', crack the roof and roll up the windows
And my hood love me, they tell me bring it home
That's why I holla Hollygrove on each and every song
You leaping at a dog, a dog with no bark
Just a bite like an old shark
And all you rich niggas know Pa, I'm talking 'bout Stunna
He like "Keep your dough", he got ya ho
And the sun shines on the King and sets on the Prince
I met the Birdman, and I been shining ever since
Like that!