[Intro]
Yeah
Yea, real rap, real rap, real rap fo ya
Lighters up, lets get 'em

[Hook] Nikki (Lil Wayne)
Though, though I'm missin you (straight to the head man)
I'll find a way to get through
I know livin without ya is impossible (yea)
Gone... I know you gon live on (cry momma, ya momma)
Cuz you were my brotha and I love ya, and I miss ya

[Verse 1]
Stay strong, be tough, that's what the preacher tell ya
He never really felt ya, so he can't even help ya
Need a shoulder to lean on, somebody to cry to
It's like everything's gone, but I'm a survivor
Standing on stage in front of thousands
Don't amount to me not havin my father
That's real talk, I know a lot of y'all got 'em
But you need 'em way more when you gotta go without 'em
And I'm without 'em, but that's life y'all
Sometimes you gotta learn to swim with no lifeguard
I'm alright, God, shit, I'm still breathin
But losses hurt like bullets, I'm about to start bleedin
Throw me down some comfort, cause my heart need it
Tryin to cope wit my chances and meet 'em
There's a dark road ahead, but I'm tryin to take it easy
Rest in peace Lil Beezy, my nigga

[Hook] (Lil Wayne in the background)
Though, though I'm missin you
I'll find a way to get through
I know livin without ya is impossible
Gone... I know you gon live on
Cuz you were my brotha and I love ya, and I miss ya
I miss my dawg I can't believe that it's over
But I'm a soldier, so I gotta over, can't stay sober, I'm just tryin to get over

[Verse 2]
Smoke kush all day and pop painkillers
Fuck who don't understand it, this what the game did us
This what the streets showed us
This how the block made us
The same block where they layed 'em
I pray every time I cross the spot on the pavement, save me
Lord, will I be next for the taking? Take me
I know I'm livin like I know when I'm comin
But I'm just livin cause I know that it's comin
And the end is comin, but I ain't runnin
I ain't hidin and duckin
I'm in the middle of a war, I'm alive and love it
I'm just speakin from the heart of the dyin' public
We still beatin, we gon rise above it
Though it seem like they cheatin and we losin'
We survive if nothin
They could never take the stride from strugglin
I gotta ride, and sometimes that ride get bloody
But I just think about my buddy
And go after that money
But uhh..

[Bridge] (Nikki and Lil Wayne)
Ohhh, we gotta get over, we gotta get over, gotta get over
It's almost over, and we gon be alright
[I gotta get over, I gotta get over, cause bitch I'm a soldier]

[Verse 3]
Straight Patron out the bottle to the head now
We gettin read now, bitch my nigga dead now
And all the things I never said, I gotta say it now
I shoulda said it then, now I gotta talk to clouds
Now I gotta walk around
Brim down
Just tryin to find my way to the next day
Escape
Ya birthday could be ya death date
So I'm livin like it was just yesterday
Let's pray
Ten fingers together
Can't bring 'em together
It's murda-murda, I don't think it get better
So be a competitor or get out the weather
Me? I got a umbrella and a Berretta
I'm just tryin to make sure my daughter future progressin
And behind that, I'm shootin excessive
Trust me
The beautiful dead, we livin wit the ugly
I just tell my pops wait for me
I'm comin

[Hook] (Nikki and Lil Wayne)
Though, though I'm missin you
I'll find a way to get through
I know livin without ya is impossible
Gone... I know you gon live on
Cuz you were my brotha and I love ya, and I miss ya
[I miss my dawg I can't believe that it's over
But I'm a soldier, so I gotta over
Can't stay sober, I'm just tryin to get over]

[Refrain]
[I miss my dawg I can't believe that it's over
But I'm a soldier, so I gotta over
Can't stay sober, I'm just tryin to get over]

They ask me why I wear shades at nighttime...
Cause I don't wanna see nothin! Yea..
Like I said, life ain't nuttin but a long extended road, keep drivin
I done passed up plenty people up on the side of road
No help, keep goin
Yea... Lost a lot of passengers on the ride, kept goin... yep...
Who knows when I'll run outta gas. Yea...