[Intro: Lil Wayne (Kurupt)]
Ride with me, sweetheart
It ain't hard!
Aww, fuck them niggas, I ain't worried 'bout them
This Cash Money, baby! This the Carter 2!
Kurupt! Holla at them niggas! (Nigga!)

[Chorus: Kurupt]
We won, we won
And then we shot that BB gun
And they lost, and they lost
Til we took they shit, now it's time to floss (We lock and load!)

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
22-year-old 17th Ward vet
Life in the fast-lane, little red corvette
Little red handkerchief, hangin out the right side
Back pocket jeans fallin, cover my Evisu sign
Yep we do shine, and they gon' hate
But they hated Jesus baby we won't break
So we ride like four Pirellis, so secured
No security, no protectin no comparing
Locin' and heavy, Ocean 11
Aviators, vote-takers, so fakers, ah!
No playas, I'm Holly Grove to the heart
Hollygrove from the start, don't cross Earhart
Boulevard where the ward I come from
One-seven, one shot? Never that, blum-blum!
Brrr, brrr, pop, pop, clap, clap
What the fuck! Hollygrove, stand up! Duck! (Nigga!)

[Chorus: Kurupt]
We won, we won
And then we shot that BB gun
And they lost, and they lost
Til we took they shit, now it's time to floss (We lock and load!)

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
Get 'em, get 'em, Weezy! Hit 'em where you kill 'em, easy
Sit 'em in the river, leave em, they find 'em tomorrow evening
Sinkin, I'm prob-ly drinkin that syrup
Thinkin I won't slip, even though I'm leanin like a broke hip
He don't know I got the nina wit the full clip
That's a somersault, backspin, full-flip for ya
Push this button, I flip out and hit something
Miss nothin, I'm just bustin until this scene clean
Twelve hundred for the jeans, stop playin
Hundred dollars for the Glock in my pants
Who the man? I am when I stand with it pointed right at ya face
Knock the brains from the back of ya neck for lack of respect, I
Strap a jet black gat 'til the death
Tell the mama to bury me with that, no bullshittin'
My hood getting kinda crazy where I be
So Ronnie's with me cuz he's the OG (Nigga!)

[Chorus: Kurupt]
We won, we won
And then we shot that BB gun
And they lost, and they lost
Til we took they shit, now its time to floss (We lock and load!)

[Verse 3: Lil Wayne]
Fresh out the back seat of the Phiggity-Phantom
The haters, I make 'em madder when I wave at 'em like, "What up?"
If it ain't about money I keep goin
I'm tryna get that green, niggas tryna mow my lawn, but fuck--
Them boys, I got the shottie on my arm
If them boys run up, I leave their bodies on the lawn
And duck the fuck outta there, 'cause baby, it's outta there
If this was a movie, it's time to roll the credits, cut!
Its all over, all of ya brains is all over the motherfuckin' block!
I'm a motherfuckin' rock!
Hardbody, Eagle Street, seventeen shots
Night vision double-clip, hot steady beam Glock
Pop! Drop, little man, drop!
This is not for little bitches, you man or a fox?
I'm layin in the drop, thinking of more money
Cash money, Young Money, take money, your money

[Chorus: Kurupt]
We won, we won
And then we shot that BB gun
And they lost, and they lost
Til we took they shit, now it's time to floss (We lock and load!)