[Intro]
Yeah
Hardbody, hardbody
Carter, Carter, Carter
Yeah
Let's go

[Verse]
Cash Money, Young Money, motherfuck the other side (Yeah!)
They can fuck with us if they want, I bring 'em homicide (Ahh!)
Word to my mama, I'm gon' continue bombin' (Yeah!)
Told her getting out the game is like coming out of a coma
I'm trying, but I'm normal
When this rap shit get boring
All I ask is that you pray for me (please!)
And the beat keep crying, and I'ma keep beating her (Yeah!)
Fee, I'm fucking her, I'm deep in her, sleep in her (Yeah!)
And what happens when the Reaper come? (Huh?)
I'm just hoping that he sends that elevator up (Yeah!)
I made enough, I ain't make shit (Nah!)
So while I'm here, I'ma take that and take this (Nigga!)
Breakfast, yes!
Let's eat, wipe your mouth when you finished (Yeah!)
Then hunt for the lunch and dinner
No beginner to the criminal activity (Come on)
Fuck with them, they rushing in like Seminoles (Oh!), Indians (Oh!)
No bow and arrows, Harold
Just Ninas, Gina (Damn!)—Just choppers, Robert (Damn!)
Carter II, tell me how is you gon' stop a riot? (Huh?)
I lock and seal it (Yeah!), I'm the best, I can feel it (Yeah!)
I'm in the lead, I could pop a wheelie (Got 'em!)
Not for rookies, late bloomers, stay in the womb (Go!)
I'm here, motherfucker, make room; boom!
Young Tune, the big kahuna (Yeah)
It's my ocean baby, y'all niggas is tuna (Yeah)
Better now than sooner (Yeah!), Junior (Brrrrrrr!)
Flying 'round your city, tryna take a number two on ya (Ha!)
I ain't going nowhere special, I won't never leave (Uh-uh!)
Shit, I'm already a legend if I ever leave (Nope!)
Can't get rid of me (Uh-uh!), not little me (No!)
Man, I got 'em, I'ma get 'em B (I got 'em, B)
I'm hungry like I didn't eat (Yeah!)
I want it like I didn't see a mill' before 17 (Boy!)
What the fuck you niggas telling me? (Huh?)
You pups can't keep up with the pedigree (Get back!)
Catch me where the weather be (Ha!)
Somewhere in the 70s (Yeah), call myself settling
Palm trees, promethazine, but, what's new? (Tell 'em)
Sometimes I can't cut through that rough loop (Yeah)
Get fucked so many times 'til it's "Fuck you" (Fuck 'em!)
So, how you wanna do it? Baby, we can get it
All you gotta do is say it and I'm with it (What up!)
Money or murder, you my nigga (Yeah!), my jelly preserver
I'ma ride, baby, 'til the judge give me a verdict, yeah
Hear me? Ya heard me, I get it and serve it 'cause (Geah!)
Every time I did it, I hit it and hurt it, yeah
Now I kill it, the mission accomplished, yeah!
The niggas abolished, the bitches astonished, and (Yeah!)
Then they pay homage, when did they find it? But
Now that they know it's a must I remind 'em, so (Yeah!)
They don't forget it, I underline it, and
I'm in the sky when the thunder's cryin', young'n
I been through all that, I done done what you sayin'
I put it down when the others was playin' (Yeah!)
When the jungle was open, I rolled in with the riders (Errrr!)
Stole food from the bears, and brought it back to the lions (Yeah)
Hold court with the apes, I'm a gorilla but lighter (Yeah!)
Got the eye of a tiger, the heart of a fighter, yeah
Start 'em, ignite 'em (Yeah), I walk through fire
Watch the flames start multiplyin', woo! Yeah
Alter a nigga, Nina, talk to a nigga (Yeah!)
Take a chunk out your body like a shark bit a nigga (Damn!)
I'm awkward like Cartwright, fuck with a nigga
Shot ugly, but my arch right; come on, dawg–bark, bite (Nuh!)
Fork in the road, I'm always going right
Nowadays, knowing life, ain't no more road lights (Whoa!)
We can't see, but we gon' make it to the finish line
It's right there, the goal line
Right behind the scrimmage line (Hut!)
Touchdown, check the scoreboard, gimme mines
Semi-9 fit me fine, hit a nigga twenty times (Bop-bop-bop-bop!)
Damn, then one more to the face (Bow!)
Just so they close the casket like I pay to close the case (Geah!)
I'm made, straight Mafia shit, front line, top rank
Ready to die for my shit (Yeah!), and the obvious shit?
If I talk about my rivalry they probably get rich
So fuck 'em, I'ma let 'em sit (Yeah!)
And I ain't ducking 'cause I'm right here, I'm chestin' up
I don't care who at the top of the stairs, I'm steppin' up (Whoa)
See, you fucking up the money, baby
And that ain't good business
You starting to look like a witness (Fuck 'em!)
And this is for the gangstas and the bitches (Yeah)
The hustlers and the hoes (Yeah)
Crossover? Whatever; Mainstream? No
'Cause Wayne thinks silent (Ah!), Wayne'll never fold (Uh-uh!)
You heard it right here if the game was ever told (Nigga!)
Lift up your toes, and look under a rug
Trust me, that's history under all that dust
So, deep down in the dirty, there lies us (Who?)
Yeah, Cash Money Records, and I'm still upfront (Geah!)
Stunna, pop a bottle, baby, peel us a blunt
Let's eat and talk about all of the niggas we cut
But, you know what? Let's not fuck up our lunch
That's real shit if you ever seen such, chu'uch!

[Outro]
Tha Mobb
Nigga