[Intro: Choir & Rick Ross]
And I know the sun will rise with me (Huh!)
And I know the sun will rise with me (Huh!)
And I know the sun will rise with me (I got it now) (Huh!)
And I know the sun will rise with me
All we wanted was an opportunity
(Just Blaze!) Lord knows!

[Verse 1: Drake & Rick Ross]
It's your worst nightmare, it's my first night here
And this girl right here, who knows what she knows?
So I'm going through her phone if she go to the bathroom
And her purse right there, I don't trust these hoes at all
But that's just the result of me paying attention
To all these women that think like men with the same intentions
Talking strippers and models that try to gain attention
Even a couple pornstars that I'm ashamed to mention
But Weezy and Stunna my only role models
Haffa and Jordan my only role models
That's why I walk around with all this gold on
And every time I run into these niggas, they want no problems
Bottom sixes and chains, and some bracelets and rings
All of the little accents that make me a king
I never hear the disses they try and point out to me
But it's whatever if somebody won't make it a thing
I'm more concerned with niggas thinkin' 'bout Christmas in August
Do anything to buy gifts for they daughters
Get some shake, a brick in the press
And chef it like Mrs. Fields; they're making the cookie stretch
I know it so well, I know the hustle so well
Stunt like I'm working overnighters right by the motel
Drug money outfit, record clean
Spend it all on me and my fuckin' team
Matchin' Rollies for real, matchin' Rovers for real (Woo!)
Places they say they've been, we actually going for real (Woo!)
I'm really killin' shit, fuck all the jiggy rapping (Woo!)
I'm going trigger happy just to see my niggas happy (Woo!)
Mixtape legend, underground kings
Lookin' for the right way to do the wrong things (Huh!)
With my new bitch that's living in Palm Springs
Young ass nigga, lifelong dreams
They take the greats from the past and compare us
I wonder if they'd ever survive in this era
In a time where it's recreation
To pull all your skeletons out the closet like Halloween decorations
I know of all the things that I hear they be poking fun at
Never the flow though, they know I run that
Fuck you all, I claim that whenever
I changed rap forever, the game back together, yeah
YM, I remain that forever
In the same place my brother Wayne at forever
I'm a descendant of either Marley or Hendrix
I haven't figured it out 'cause my story is far from finished
I'm hearing all of the jokes, I know that they tryna push me
I know that showin' emotion don't ever mean I'm a pussy
Know that I don't make music for niggas who don't get pussy
So those are the ones I count on to diss me or overlook me
Lord knows, Lord knows, I'm heavy, I got my weight up
Roberson boost your rate up, it's time that somebody paid up
A lot of niggas came up off of a style that I made up
But if all I hear is me, then who should I be afraid of?
Bought a white Ghost now shit is gettin' spooky
Very, very scary like shit you see in the movies
In this bitch, all drinks on the house like Snoopy
That's why all the real soldiers salute me
Trill nigga, for real

[Interlude: Rick Ross]
Huh! You know I love this
YOLO, you only live once
I'm going so hard my nigga, I swear homie
Every day is another opportunity to reach that goal
(M-M-Maybach Music)

[Verse 2: Rick Ross]
I fell in love with the pen, started fucking the ink (Huh!)
The hustle's an art, I painted what I would think
Still allergic to broke, prescription straight to the paper
Destined for greatness, but got a place in Jamaica (Woo!)
Villa on the water with the wonderful views (Views)
Only fat nigga in the sauna with Jews (Jews)
Went and got a yacht, I'm talkin' Carnival cruise
And these niggas talking like hoes, they mad they not in my shoes
It's the red bottom boss (Huh!), came to buy the bar (Huh!)
Every bi-week, shit, I'm bound to buy a car (Woo!)
Murder-cedes Benz or that bubble double R (Woo!)
Headlights flicking, looking like a falling star
Everyday them hammers bang, whipping yay like Anna Mae (Anna Mae)
I run the gang but the ladies think I'm running game (Running game)
Mink coats make your woman wanna fornicate (Fornicate)
Rozay and Drake, I'm getting cake, nothing short of great (Huh!)