[Chorus 1: Chantal Kreviazuk]
How I'm feeling, it doesn't matter
'Cause you know I'm okay
Instead, I ask myself, "Why do you worry?"
When you know, you know I'm the same
I know, I know you don't love me, baby
They’re trying to take you away from me
Only over my dead body

[Verse 1: Drake]
I think I killed e'rybody
In the game last year, man, fuck it, I was on though
And I thought I found the girl of my dreams
At the strip club, mmm-mmm, fuck it, I was wrong though
Shout out to all my niggas living tax free
Nowadays it's six figures when they tax me
Oh well, I guess you lose some and win some
Long as the outcome is income
You know I want it all and then some
Shout out to Asian girls, let the lights dim some
Shots came, I don't know where they was sent from
Probably some bad hoes I'm 'bout to take the hint from
Yeah, you know me well, nigga
I mean you ain't the only real nigga
They got me on these white women like Seal, nigga
Slave to the pussy but I'm just playing the field, nigga
Are these people really discussing my career again?
Asking if I'll be going platinum in a year again?
Don't I got the shit the world wanna hear again?
Don't Michael Jordan still got his hoop earring in?
Man all of your flows bore me: paint drying
And I don't ever be trippin off of what ain't mine
And I be hearing the shit you say through the grapevine
But jealousy is just love and hate at the same time
Yeah, it's been that way from the beginning
I just been playing, I ain't even notice I was winning

[Refrain: Drake]
And this is the only sound you should fear
Man, these kids wear crowns over here and everything is all right

[Chorus 2: Chantal Kreviazuk]
Oh, I know, I know you don't love me, baby
They’re trying to take you away from me
Only over my dead body

[Verse 2: Drake]
You say I'm old news, well who the new star?
Cause if I'm going anywhere, it's probably too far
Just performed at a Bar Mitzvah over in the States
Used half of the money to beat my brother's case
Red wine over Fed time
And shout out to the niggas that's doing dead time
Shout out to the bitches there when it's bedtime
And fuck you to the niggas that think it's their time
Yeah, don't make me take your life apart, boy
You and whoever the fuck gave you your start boy
Oh, you wanna be a motherfucking funny guy?
Don't make me break your Kevin Hart, boy
Yeah, it's whatever
You know, feeling good, living better
I think maybe I was numb to it last year
But you know I feel it now more than ever
My city love me like Mac Dre in the Bay
Second album, I'm back paving the way
The backpackers are back on the bandwagon
Like this was my comeback season back, back in the day
And I met your baby moms last night
We took a picture together, I hope she frames it!
And I was drinking at the Palms last night
And ended up losing everything that I came with
Feel like I've been here before, huh?
I still got ten years to go, huh?

[Refrain: Drake]
And this is the only sound you should fear
Man, these kids wear crowns over here and everything is all right

[Chorus 2: Chantal Kreviazuk]
Oh, I know, I know you don't love me, baby
They’re trying to take you away from me
Only over my dead body

[Outro]
Three in the morning, still going down