[Verse 1: Drake]
I'm the fuckin' man, y'all don't get it, do ya?
Type of money, everybody actin' like they knew ya
Go Uptown, New York City, bitch
Them Spanish girls love me like I'm Aventura
Tell Uncle Luke, "I'm out in Miami, too"
Clubbin' hard, fuckin' women, there ain't much to do
Wrist bling, got a condo up in Biscayne
Still gettin' brain from a thang, ain't shit changed
How you feel how you feel how you feel?
25, sitting on 25 mill
I'm in the building and I'm feeling myself
Rest in peace, Mac Dre, I'm-a do it for the Bay
Okay, getting paid, we'll holler whenever that stop
My team good, we don't really need a mascot
Tell Tune, "Light one, pass it like a relay"
YMCMB, you niggas more YMCA
Me, Franny, and Mally Mall at the crib-o
Shout goes out to Niko, J and Chubbs, shouts to Gibbo
We got Santa Margherita by the liter
She know even if I'm fuckin' with her, I don't really need her, aw
That's how you feel, man? That's really how you feel?
Cause the pimpin' ice cold, all these bitches wanna chill
I mean maybe she won't but then again maybe she will
I can almost guarantee she know the deal, real nigga, what's up?

[Chorus: Drake]
Now she want a photo, you already know, though
You only live once: that's the motto, nigga, YOLO
And we bout it every day, every day, every day
Like we sittin' on the bench, nigga, we don't really play
Every day, every day, fuck what anybody say
Can't see 'em cause the money in the way, real nigga, what's up?

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
One time? Fuck one time
I'm calling niggas out like the umpire
Seven grams in the blunt
Almost drowned in her pussy so I swam to her butt
It's Eastside, we in this bitch
Wish a nigga would, like a tree in this bitch
And if a leaf fall put some weed in that bitch
That's my MO, add a B to that shit
I'm fucked up, tore down
I'm twisted, door knob
Talk stupid? Off with your head
Nigga, money talks, and Mr. Ed, yeah
I'm so Young Money
Got a drum on the gun, Energizer bunny
Funny how honey ain't sweet like sugar
Ain't shit sweet, niggas on the street like hookers
I tongue kiss her other tongue
Skeet, skeet, skeet, water gun
Oh my God, Becky, look at her butt, Tunechi!

[Chorus: Drake]
Now she want a photo, you already know, though
You only live once: that's the motto, nigga, YOLO
And we bout it every day, every day, every day
Like we sittin' on the bench, nigga, we don't really play
Every day, every day, fuck what anybody say
Can't see 'em cause the money in the way, real nigga, what's up?

[Verse 3: Tyga]
T-Raww, skinny nigga, big balls
Fuck around and get dragged: RuPaul
You funny little nigga, Duval
Out of this world, Total Recall
Call a bitch, ride dick like a seesaw
Sorta like a donkey, act a ass nigga hee-haw
Ridin round in the ‘rarri wit the top off
While you in the window, man I’m probably on my next car
Aight, mighty duck with the ice on
Real LA nigga, chucks with the gun drawn
Drawing on your face you’re a clown jack in the box
Boy that’s your bop, she my new pum pum star
Stars in the back, them my homies, they don’t act
Acting brand new, fuck her never call her back
Matt Forte got the bitch running back
Damn, That’s the motto you don’t know it’s like that

[Chorus: Drake]
Now she want a photo, you already know, though
You only live once: that's the motto, nigga, YOLO
And we bout it every day, every day, every day
Like we sittin' on the bench, nigga, we don't really play
Every day, every day, fuck what anybody say
Can't see 'em cause the money in the way, real nigga, what's up?