[Intro: Drake]
Too rich for who? Y'all just got rich again
Who grips the mic and likes to kill they friends?
I've never been the type to make amends
If shit was at a eight, we like to, we like to, we like to—
Yeah, if shit was at a eight, we like to make it ten
1da sent this in, I'm goin' up all the way
I don't like to talk when there's nothin' else left to say (True)

[Chorus: Drake]
Drizzy 'bout to drop, the game is in disarray
I'd tell you hear me out but we both know end of the day
Your sister is pressin' play, your trainer is pressin' play
Your wifey, your wifey, your wifey, your wifey— (True)

[Verse 1: Drake]
I gotta breathe real deep when I catch an attitude
I got a whole 'nother level that I can tap into
Max said they only blessed when they attached to you
The only deadbeats is whatever beats I been rappin' to (True)
And the product is still the best though
It's only good in my city because I said so
Just to fit the estate man, I had to Copperfield like presto
Voilà, tada (True)

[Bridge: Drake]
Never a matter of "could I?" or "should I?"
Kiss my son on the forehead then kiss your ass goodbye
As luck would have it, I've settled into my role as the good guy
I guess luck is on your side
I guess luck is on your side
All sevens, no sixes, rest easy, get some shut eye
Hold on, hold up, but I—

[Verse 2: Drake]
Miss makin' 'em pay
Helipad from Will Smith crib straight to the stage
Three Forum shows but I played Staples today
The neighborhood is smokey, y'all stay safe in this place (True)

[Chorus: Drake]
Drizzy 'bout to drop, the game is in disarray
I'd tell you hear me out but we both know end of the day
Your niggas is pressin' play, your nanny is pressin' play
Your wifey, your wifey, your wifey, your wifey— (True)

[Verse 3: Drake]
Had to go and hit reset, now we here
I been on top for three sets of three years
I can't be around the niggas you minglin' with
I can't fly if I could sit on the wing of that shit (True)
I try to pay it less mind
They been keepin' tabs on me like I'm payin' next time
I think I sense a little fear from the other side
White vans parked across the street, real subtle guys (True)

[Bridge: Drake]
Yeah, never a matter of "could I?" or "should I?"
Kiss my mom on the forehead then kiss your ass goodbye
As luck would have it, I've settled into my role as the good guy
I guess luck is on your side
I guess luck is on your side
All sevens, no sixes, rest easy, get some shut eye
Hold on, hold up, but I—

[Outro: Plies]
Hahaha, I can't argue with you, no! You mad!
Look at you, you mad! You big mad! Haheheh
I'm happy! Leave me alone!
I just want some money, a lot of money
I don't get paid to argue with you
No! Who is you? You ain't nobody!
You mad