[Intro: Swae Lee, Young Thug & Future]
Fall off in the spot
Wait up, they gon' do it while you drop
Metro!
Pull up with no top
If Young Metro don't trust you, I'm gon' shoot you

[Chorus: Swae Lee]
Fall off in the spot, every girl coming like a shark
And you know my necklace, sitting on ski resort
Fall off in the spot, every girl coming like a shark
Put that thing in park, I'ma let my fin pick you apart
Glowing in the dark, fifty some' girls on board
Running with the marksmen, everything on point like, "En garde!"

[Verse 1: Nicki Minaj]
Yo, I'm me, I'm Barbie drippin'
DB9, Barbie whippin'
If he say he don't want me back, he be lyin'
Bitch, I'm the sauce, Barbie dippin', I'm the boss, Barbie sippin'
They keep tellin' me work it, I ain't got no chores
I'm all yours, Barbie kissin', call the stores, Barbie shippin'
Out or indoors, baby, I'ma floss
What? Why of course, Barbie tippin', I endorse, Barbie strippin'
Mink carpet, but I ain't got no flaws
Doors look like wings, Barbie sittin', bada-bing, Barbie trippin'
Curve niggas like they arm in a sling
Hopped off the swing, Barbie swingin', to the ring, Barbie blingin'
Good box, so he called Don King
Who the fuck gon' party with them dollies, no I never do the mollies
If I hit you, then you probably gon' sue
Who the fuck gon' come through with the body, always lookin' like a hottie
Always saying what somebody won't do?
Who the fuck gon’ pull up in your city, looking every bit of pretty
With the itty bitty titty bitch crew?
Who the fuck gon' beat him with the .22 if he don't lose the attitude
And run off with his credit cards, too?

[Chorus: Swae Lee]
Fall off in the spot, every girl coming like a shark
And you know my necklace, sitting on ski resort
Fall off in the spot, every girl coming like a shark
Put that thing in park, I'ma let my fin pick you apart
Glowing in the dark, fifty some' girls on board
Running with the marksmen, everything on point like, "En garde!"

[Verse 2: Swae Lee]
Thousand dollar massage
I don't ever miss my mark
Anything I like goes in the cart
I might spend it all to prove a point
Rolling west coast, Arnold Schwarz'
If she lick her lips then I'ma join
Indo I'ma spark
When I cash out, that's her favorite part

[Verse 3: Nicki Minaj]
They delivered my Lambo, all white with a tan bow
My body's a work of art, he eatin' this Van Gogh
I'm not in the bando, I'm Pablo Sandals
White beaches, candles, we sexin', Anglo
Wh-wh-what you think all these niggas wanna cuff for?
A lot of Bloods, what you think they in the cut for?
Yeah, it's a sweep, I ain't talkin' when the dust fall
My winnin' streak still hasn't peaked, you little dust ball
Bitch I'm a star-ar, me and Swae Lee, yah, yah
G-4s, 5s, Chun-way on the runway, yah, yah
Riccardo Tisci in Milan, you see me modelin', ah
Dinner with Kar-ar, dinner with Karl Lagerfeld, yah
Yeah, this that Steven Klein, Mert & Marcus, yah, yah
Yeah, just to take a picture, I go raise the bar far
I'm bitchy, yah, yah, really bitchy, ah, ah
America's Next Top Model, call me Yaya
E-every time I score she gon' hear them swishes, ah
Tell that bitch I'm in the league, she still play for Wichita
I piss hits broad, call me the swish God
The swish, swish God? Yup, the swish God

[Chorus: Swae Lee]
Fall off in the spot, every girl coming like a shark
And you know my necklace, sitting on ski resort
Fall off in the spot, every girl coming like a shark
Put that thing in park, I'ma let my fin pick you apart
Glowing in the dark, fifty some' girls on board
Running with the marksmen, everything on point like, "En garde!"

[Outro: Nicki Minaj]
Mhm, shout-out Giovanni
For doing that "Barbie Tingz" video, uh-huh
Nina Garcia, Stephen Gan, Elle mag, yuh, uh-huh
I’m still on my Naomi shit
Wilhelmina Models tip
Weezy, Mack, Baby, Slim
Gee, I see you, Jean, Tezz, El, Shawn Gee
Monte, Avery, Roppo, Joe, Katina, Mike, Dave, Gary, Josh
Uh, Brett, Jigga, Kim, Wiz, Hillary, Khloé , Biggz
Juice, I see you Juice, keep me rollin' Juice
You're in the middle of Queen right now, thinking
"I see why she called this shit Queen
This bitch is really the fucking queen—ahh!"
Ahahahaaah! Rrrrr!
I love my fans, I love you so much