[Intro: Lil Wayne]
Young Money!
Yeah
Four
Ahem!

[Verse 1: Lil Wayne]
I tell her, "Now go and pop that pussy for a real nigga!"
I already know that life is deep, but I still dig her
Niggas is jealous, but really I could care less
I'm in Hell's Kitchen with an apron and a hairnet
Devil on my shoulder, the Lord as my witness
So on my Libra scale I'm weighin' sins and forgiveness
What goes around comes around like a hula hoop
Karma is a bitch? Well, just make sure that bitch is beautiful
Life on the edge, I'm danglin' my feet
I tried to pay attention but attention paid me
Haters can't see me: nose-bleed seats
And today I went shoppin' and talk is still cheap
I rock to the beat of my drum set
I been at the top for a while and I ain't jump yet
But I'm Ray Charles to the bullshit
Now jump up on that dick and do a full split!

[Hook: Drake]
Uh, she just started to pop it for a nigga
And looked back and told me, "Baby, it's real."
And I say, "I ain't doubt you for a second."
I squeeze it and I could tell how it feel
I wish we could take off and go anywhere but here
Baby, you know the deal
And she bad, so maybe she won't, ugh
But shit, then again, maybe she will, yeah
Do it for the realest niggas in the fuckin' game right now
She will, yeah
Do it for the realest niggas in the fuckin' game right now
She will, she will, she will, ugh
Maybe for the money and the power and the fame right now
She will, she will, she will (Ugh)
Do it for the realest niggas in the fuckin' game right now
She will

[Interlude: Lil Wayne]
Yeah

[Verse 2: Lil Wayne]
I tell her, "Now go and pop that pussy for me!"
Haters can't see me, but them bitches still lookin' for me
And you could take it to the bank and deposit that
Put your two cents in and get a dollar back
Some people hang you out to dry like a towel rack
I'm all about I, give the rest of the vowels back
I like my girl thick, not just kinda fine
Eat her 'til she cry—call that "wine 'n' dine"
Try to check me and I'ma have 'em checkin' pulses
They say, "Choose wisely," that's why I was chosen
Rockin' like asphalt, it's the cash fault
Looked in the face of Death and took its mask off
Now, I like my house big and my grass soft
I like my girl face south and her ass north
But I'm Ray Charles to the bullshit
Now hop up on that dick and do a full split!

[Hook: Drake]
Uh, she just started to pop it for a nigga
And looked back and told me, "Baby, it's real."
And I say, "I ain't doubt you for a second."
I squeeze it and I could tell how it feel
I wish we could take off
And go anywhere but here, baby, you know the deal
‘Cause she bad so maybe she won't
Uh, but shit, then again, maybe she will
Do it for the realest niggas
In the fuckin' game right now, she will
Do it for the realest niggas
In the fuckin' game right now, she will
Maybe for the money and the power
And the fame right now, she will
Do it for the realest niggas
In the fuckin' game right now, she will